---
title: About
name: about
image: images/about.png
rank: 0
---
I am currently a student at Stanford University, studying computer science with
a focus on designing **resilient**, **efficient**, and **secure** systems. I am
passionate about solving interesting, impactful problems in novel and
unorthodox ways, and I greatly enjoy exploring how changing underlying
assumptions and abstractions can lead to new solutions.

[My research and implementation work](#projects) has largely focused on
**embedded systems** and **networking**, though I have also done work involving
**distributed systems** and **operating systems**.  I greatly enjoy working on
such projects as they can have a substantial, lasting impact. Systems in these
fields are responsible for providing and supporting critical services that many
people rely on, and these fields are at the forefront of technologically-driven
societal change. For these reasons, it is crucial that these systems be
resilient, efficient, and secure, which is not only an interesting technical
challenge, but one that has concrete, practical impacts.

I also have substantial leadership experience, as one of the core leaders for
the Stanford Applied Cybersecurity Club. The club's focus has been on providing
a platform for undergraduates to learn about computer security, and provides
opportunities to work on projects and competitions relating to security.

Outside of computer science, I enjoy the outdoors and photography. Both of
these hobbies require me to pay attention to small details that are otherwise
overlooked, and allow me to enjoy the natural world. Having grown up in
Washington State, I had the opportunity to spend a lot of time backpacking and
exploring trails around the Cascade Mountains. Alongside photography and
backpacking, I am also a fairly avid skier.
